Starting on the fourth game in Code the Classics Vol. 2 - a Double Dragon clone named Beat Streets.
I'm calling my version 'Thud.' This will be version 1.4 of the engine.

----
First pass through the stubs is complete - very sparse. But since it includes the KeyboardControls
class, I can now move through the game states and light up more stubs. That's next.

One oddity in the text: they go to all the trouble of mapping the button symbol to an unused
character so they can override that font graphic ('xb_a' is mapped to '%' in SPECIAL_FONT_SYMBOLS).
But then in the text drawing routines, they just use the 'xb_a' name for the image, rather than
the ordinal for '%' (which is 37). I can confirm by checking the GitHub sources and image files. Not
sure why they did it this overly-complicated way - maybe they forgot midstream.

----
Basic pass though the stubs is complete (with the exception of the long BACKGROUND_TILES list, which will 
require me to mock up a ton of placeholder graphics - more pragmatic to copy in resources next, and
then maybe cut and paste this definition from GitHub sources).

Anyway, scrubbing against the book and/or copying resources is next.

----
Book scrub is complete. It was very helpful to pass through and introduce stubs for all missing 
definitions, then tackle them one-by-one. Bit of a tweak to 'the process.' I also brought down
the real resource files (and as hinted above, copied the lengthy BACKGROUND_TILES list from 
GitHub sources).

Some playtesting, then scrub against GitHub and we're done. Already caught a couple minor typos. 

----
Fixed the typo bugs found during playtesting, and was able to finish the game, but
there are still some issues:

[     ] Performance is very poor, almost slide-show frame rate. Not sure if this is
        inherent to this game running on pygame, running on Python, running on this
        laptop. The GitHub sources do add some debugging and profiling bits, so may
        look into that after everything else is done. It does make playtesting
        painfully slow.

[FIXED] Enemy actors do not attack at all. They move into position and just stand there.
        Probably a logic error in one of the update/decision methods. The scooter does
        damage the player if it hits, but otherwise nothing.

[FIXED] Only one stage is present. Not sure if that's by design or whether GitHub has
        more content. We will see.

[FIXED] Music is not playing at all.

----
Finished scrubbing against GitHub - a few issues caught, but mostly it added joystick support
and debugging code (and more stage definitions).

Playtest and bug fixing now... a couple easy ones listed above are done.
