This is the third project from Code the Classics Vol. 2. It's a clone of Dizzy they named Eggzy.
My version will be named 'Huevos.'

Version of the engine after this project will be v1.3. Skeleton is ready to go.

----
First stub pass is complete. Game does not look like much at this point. I don't have any
real resources. Both music and sound are throwing exception messages to the console, as 
expected. Also, I mocked up xml level data, which is all but empty - so lots of code hasn't 
yet lit up.

This game is considerably more complex than the previous projects, at least from a level
data perspective.

Rather than bring in all resources, maybe just one set of level data files to start with, then
deal with whatever code lights up. Then we'll scrub against the book, bring in resources, scrub
against GitHub, and playtest/debug as usual.

----
Looks like some of the images in this project also have the 'bad iCCP RGB' issue from the previous.
I brought in the castle tileset image as required by the first level xml data, and am seeing
that error when launching. Probably ignore for now and fix in bulk later.

----
The tileset data activated a bunch more code. Those have been stubbed and filled in. There are still
significant gaps, like the Enemy class. The number of image files needing placeholders is getting
out of hand, so I'm hitting blocking errors when pressing the movement keys (jump and dash are fine).
So probably time to bring all that in. Then we'll start from the top with the book sources.

----
Partway through the book scrub. This one is involved enough that I am taking a slighly different tack
than a top-to-bottom line-by-line comparison: I've walked through the listing and grabbed the full 
interface (all class, method and function definition lines). Added those as stubs, and then can tackle
them individually. Will still probably need a close comparison for typos and especially indentation
errors in the parts already typed out.

----
Caught and fixed a few bugs through playtesting, and then wrapped up the book scrub. Couple more typos
there. All that's left is scrubbing against GitHub, and a little more playtest.
