Starting on the fourth project from Code the Classics Vol. 1. This is a Centipede clone called
'Myriapod' - I'm going to call my version 'Bugz.'

This project will also produce v0.4 of my Pygame Zero clone engine.

Engine and main script in place, version incremented, and after running main.py, the starting
scaffolding is ready: an empty sounds directory, a __pycache__ directory filtered out in .gitignore,
WIDTH/HEIGHT/TITLE defined in main, along with stubs for update() and draw(). Project runs to a blank 
white screen - we're ready to go.

- - - -
The first pass is complete - all stubs filled in for State.MENU to be running without error. Very
minimal change needed to the engine so far, just a default parameter added to the Actor ctor.

Next step is to press space and push into State.PLAY, then deal with stubbery. After that, it's 
scrubbing against the test and GitHub, and debugging.

- - - -
Finished with the second pass, all stubs completed, and the game is running - sort of - in all
three modes. Given the sheer number of some of the sprite types, I copied in some of the offical
graphics, but not all. Still some strange behavior to debug, of course.

- - - -
Just completed a scrub against the book text - caught a couple typos in my code. Checking this in. Then
final steps will be bringing in official resources, scrubbing against the GitHub source, and
playtesting/debugging.

In playtesting, the game seems to mostly work, but a few issues are present:

* [FIXED] Centipede never moves downscreen, always moves up instead of down after first pass
* [NO REPRO] Player movement controls sometimes stop responding
* [NO REPRO] Sometimes there seem to be invisible rocks blocking player movement

Scrubbed against the GitHub source, and caught a few discrepancies. A few I introduced during
transcription, but the most significant was causing the centipede movement bug above, and was present
in the book text: one of the comparisons in Segment.rank() was inverted from '< 0' to '> 0.' They also
changed the logic in space_pressed() slightly, though I don't think this altered anything in my playtest.
(The game previously had a very fast fire rate, but I think that was due to a typo I made when 
resetting the Player.fire_timer.)

The other two bugs listed above are more difficult to repro, though they seemed to happen every time
previously, so I should at least be able to discern if the frequency has changed.

OK, after several playtest games with the scrubbed version, I am not seeing those issues. Marking them
'no repro.' This project is complete.
